annot: cut the cabbage into small pieces
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the cabbage (-1)
[PP, other, into] small pieces (-1)
annot: Add carawat seeds, sea salt
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] carawat seeds (-1), sea salt (-1)
annot: mix them evenly in the cabbage
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] them (1)
[PP, food, in] the cabbage (0)
annot: Add some leftover brine in a jar
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some leftover brine (-1)
[PP, location, in] a jar (-1)
annot: put the cabbage into the jar
ACTID: 4
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the cabbage (2)
[PP, food, into] the jar (3)
annot: Take a large cabbage leave on the mixture
ACTID: 5
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] a large cabbage leave (-1)
[PP, food, on] the mixture (4)
annot: push the mixture down to the bottom of the jar
ACTID: 6
PRED: push
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (5)
[PP, location, down] to the bottom of the jar (-1)
annot: seal the jar
ACTID: 7
PRED: seal
[DOBJ, food] the jar (6)
annot: put it in room temperature for 3 days
ACTID: 8
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] it (7)
[PP, other, in] room temperature (-1)
[PP, other, for] 3 days (-1)
annot: put it in the fridge
ACTID: 9
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] it (8)
[PP, location, in] the fridge (-1)